Update intro.md (#13970)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/data/ef-mvc/intro.md

uid: data/ef-mvc/intro
---

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"

# Tutorial: Get started with EF Core in an ASP.NET MVC web app

> This tutorial has **not** been updated to ASP.NET Core 3.0. The [Razor Pages](xref:data/ef-rp/intro) has been updated. For information on when this might be updates, see [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs/issues/13920).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial has **not** been updated to ASP.NET Core 3.0. The [Razor Pages version](xref:data/ef-rp/intro) has been updated. For information on when this tutorial might be updated, see [Update tutorial ASP.NET Core MVC with Entity Framework for VS 2019 (aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs #13920)](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs/issues/13920).
```
